story03 (#4)
alem-platform/bootcamp-js: story03/value-protector/README.md

# Value Protector

### Instructions:

> Write a function called scopeGuardian that securely manages a value using two inner functions: `increaseValue` to modify the value and `revealValue` to access it.
> 
> - The outer function scopeGuardian should initialize a treasure value to 100.
> - It should return two inner functions:
>   1. `increaseValue(amount)`: Increases treasure by the given amount.
>   2. `revealValue()`: Returns the current treasure value.
> - `value` should not be accessible outside the scope of `scopeGuardian`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a function called `scopeGuardian` that manages a value using two inner functions: `increase` to modify the value and `reveal` to access it.

- The outer function `scopeGuardian` should initialize a value to 100.
- It should return two inner functions:
  1. `increase(amount)`: Increases value by the given amount.
  2. `reveal()`: Returns the current value.
  
- `value` should not be accessible outside the scope of `scopeGuardian`.
```

### Example:

```js
const guard = scopeGuardian();
guard.increaseValue(50);

> guard.revealValue(); // Output: 150

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guard.revealValue(); // Output: 150
```

непонятно почему 150

Author: Потому что изначальное значение 100, там отсчет с 100 идет
